feat(hello): add automatic hostname generation (#15)
cloudmobility/charts: charts/hello/README.md

# Hello

![hello-chart-badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hello%20Chart-1.0.0-green?style=flat-square&logo=mercedes)
---

> Hello is a chart that allow cloudmobility to easily proof the concept of applications inside the cloudmobility
> infrastructure. This chart not meant to be use for production systems since it's just a proof of concept.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hello is a helm chart that deploys a simple web app and can be used to test cloudmobility Applications Catalog. This chart is not meant to be used in production environments.
```

Reviewer: I'd go for something like this, wdyt?
